:tada:  CI secrets: migration to GSM (#7528)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/connector-development/README.md

## Using credentials in CI

In order to run integration tests in CI, you'll often need to inject credentials into CI. There are a few steps for doing this:

> 1. **Place the credentials into Google Secret Manager(GSM)**: Airbyte uses a project 'Google Secret Manager' service as the source of truth for all secrets. Place the credentials **exactly as they should be used by the connector** into a GSM secret i.e.: it should basically be a copy paste of the `config.json` passed into a connector via the `--config` flag. We use the following naming pattern: `SECRET_<capital source OR destination name>_CREDS` e.g: `SECRET_SOURCE-S3_CREDS` or `SECRET_DESTINATION-SNOWFLAKE_CREDS`. Access to the GSM storage is limited. Each developer should have the role `Development_CI_Secrets` of the project `dataline-integration-testing`.

Reviewer: Could you also add instructions about how to add contributors to this GCP project? specifically, which permissions do they need to have?

Author: Added [here](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/7528/files?authenticity_token=nwxI%2BzEDpzJQEIYJrQ8w%2FczTB0UlxPoTiTPxTbDrE4aCmrl9U7PvDrESwJo%2BHo%2BOy6sCA7BUNpToXqRIlTXCXA%3D%3D&file-filters%5B%5D=.md&file-filters%5B%5D=.sh#diff-c4afbe4289e28951ba8fd39b072c5d19a0a4ad4d148f38f9a4fa35cc9bc81381R139)

> 1. **Place the credentials into Google Secret Manager(GSM)**: Airbyte uses a project 'Google Secret Manager' service as the source of truth for all secrets. Place the credentials **exactly as they should be used by the connector** into a GSM secret i.e.: it should basically be a copy paste of the `config.json` passed into a connector via the `--config` flag. We use the following naming pattern: `SECRET_<capital source OR destination name>_CREDS` e.g: `SECRET_SOURCE-S3_CREDS` or `SECRET_DESTINATION-SNOWFLAKE_CREDS`. Access to the GSM storage is limited. Each developer should have the role `Development_CI_Secrets` of the project `dataline-integration-testing`.

Reviewer: we should probably make a script for handling this process e.g: `write-ci-secret-to-gsm <connector_name>` that handles this whole process. This can be a follow up issue prioritized later, doesn't need to be in this PR of course.

Author: @sherifnada ,
Sure, it is not problem to create an one-time script. I've created the [follow-up task](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues/7774) for this.
And we need to wait some time after starting the GSM new logic ( +- 1 month). Perhaps contributors will detect some new issues or cases which are incompatible with it.

2. **Add the GSM secret's labels**:
    * `connector` (required) -- unique connector's name or set of connectors' names with '_' as delimiter i.e.: `connector=source-s3`, `connector=destination-snowflake`
    * `filename` (optional) -- custom target secret file. Unfortunately Google doesn't use '.' into labels' values and so Airbyte CI scripts will add '.json' to the end automatically. By default secrets will be saved to `./secrets/config.json` i.e: `filename=config_auth` => `secrets/config_auth.json`
3. That should be it.

#### How to migrate to the new secrets' logic:
1. Create all necessary secrets how it is explained above.

> 2. Remove all lines with old connector's GutHub secrets into this file: tools/bin/ci_credentials.sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Remove all lines with old connector's Github secrets from this file: tools/bin/ci_credentials.sh
```

> 3. Remove all old secrets from Githubthe secret from env variables to the connector directory**: edit `tools/bin/ci_credentials.sh` to write the secret into the `secrets/` directory of the relevant connector.  

Reviewer: Should this be written as follows? 
```suggestion
3. Remove all old secrets from Github repository secrets.
```
